We are UserScape, Inc., a New York corporation.We respect your right to privacy and data security. This privacy policy describes our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way we collect and use information about you.What information do we collect?When you register with us or purchase a subscription or other product or service from us, we collect certain personally identifiable information about you, including your name and email address. We also collect data on your use of the HelpSpot service.How do we use the information?We may use your personally identifiable information for any of the following purposes:* to respond to your inquiries and provide you with service and support* to analyze site usage and to improve the HelpSpot appliction, website, and service* to track your use of our services* to notify you of changes to our website, to our agreements, or our products and services* to contact you about your account* to offer you new products and services that we believe may interest you* to allow us to suspend or terminate your account, if necessary* In some but not all circumstances, at the time you submit personally identifiable information, we may provide you with the opportunity to "opt out" of some uses or disclosures of personally identifiable information.Do we share personal information with others?We do not rent, sell or disclose your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals for uses not described in this Privacy Policy without providing you with the opportunity to opt out of these uses.Regardless of whether you exercise an opportunity to opt out, we may use or disclose the information we collect in the following cases:* when we have reason to believe that use or disclosure may be necessary to identify possible violations of our License or to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be violating your rights, our rights or the rights of others,* if we believe that we are required to do so to respond to legal process or otherwise to comply with law, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena, or in response to a law enforcement agency's request* to protect the security of our software, products and services, websites and users,* to protect us from liability, and in connection with a merger, acquisition or liquidation of our company, where the receiving party pledges confidentiality.* We may disclose general, non-identifying and aggregate data about HelpSpot users publicly or to specific companies, for our marketing and market research purposes.Agents and contractors of ours who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.Data securityWe take steps to protect the security of the personally identifiable information we collect, including, for example, physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards.Although we take appropriate measures to ensure the security of your personal data, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot give absolute assurances that personally identifiable information we collect may not be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may modify this privacy policy at any time by posting a revised privacy policy on this website or notifying you by email.How to contact usWe welcome your questions or comments regarding this privacy policy. Contact us at:Address: 2600 South Road, Ste 44-175, Poughkeepsie, NY 12601Tel: 845.533.5044E-mail: customer.service@userscape.comWeb: www.userscape.comUpdated: 01-20-2015